[New Post] New Organization Invite UI (#125)
hackclub/hcb-engr: content/posts/new-organization-invite-ui/post.mdx

import post from '@/components/Post';
export default post({

>   title: "🔗 A Better Way to Invite Team Members: Our New Unified UI + Invite Links",

Reviewer: 🥗

  slug: "new-organization-invite-ui",
  category: "improvement",
  tags: ["organizations"],
  authors: ["luke", "manu"],

>   date: new Date("2025-12-2"),

Author: ```suggestion
  date: new Date("2025-12-11"),
```

});

Inviting people to your organization should be simple. Until now, our flow for adding teammates relied solely on email-based invitations, which worked—but didn’t cover every use case. Robotics teams wanted a way to distribute a link in Discord. Hackathon organizers needed a way to quickly invite their entire team.
Today, we’re shipping a redesigned invite UI that solves those problems with a cleaner experience, a modernized interface, and a brand-new feature: invite links.

The first thing you’ll notice in the new modal is clarity.

> The updated layout combines email invites and link-based invites into a single, unified interface. The top focuses on the required attributes for an invite—email, role, and (optionally) spending controls. The redesigned “Send” button is now easier to use with the email field directly accessible to its left.

Author: I think this focuses too little on the new UI but I will commit for now.
```suggestion
HCB's mission is to provide an accessible financial toolkit for nonprofit projects, so we want to make it easy to invite collaborators. Previously, you needed to know every collaborator's email address to add them on HCB.

Starting today, it's easier than ever to add members to your organization: just share a link! The new layout combines email invites and our new invite links into a single modal.
```

> With the new invite links, you can now share them with customizable expiration dates and revoke whenever you need to! This makes inviting your whole team easier than ever before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new Invite Links, you can now share them with customizable expiration dates and revoke whenever you need to. We hope these changes make it easier to work together with your team on HCB. Let us know what you think!
```

Author: I don't think this should be capitalized.

Author: ```suggestion
With the new invite links, you can now share them with customizable expiration dates and revoke whenever you need to. We hope these changes make it easier to work together with your team on HCB. Let us know what you think!
```

> <img src="https://hc-cdn.hel1.your-objectstorage.com/s/v3/1e552565834a7b63a1c2a4d26bcfe9b58ddc6076_pawelzmarlak-2025-12-03T01_20_44.354Z.png" />

Reviewer: Let's switch this to use our normal font stack
